Update instructions for ffmpeg on Windows (#7937)
slint-ui/slint: examples/ffmpeg/README.md

 - `vcpkg install ffmpeg --triplet x64-windows`

>  - Make sure `VCPKG_ROOT` is set to where `vcpkg` is installed
>  - Make sure `%VCPKG_ROOT%\installed\x64-windows\bin` is in your path
>  - `vcpkg install llvm[clang,target-x86]:x64-windows`
>  - Male sure `LIBCLANG_PATH` is set to where clang is installed: `%VCPKG_ROOT%\installed\x64-windows\bin`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Set`VCPKG_ROOT` to where `vcpkg` is installed
 - Add `%VCPKG_ROOT%\installed\x64-windows\bin` to your path
 - Run `vcpkg install llvm[clang,target-x86]:x64-windows`
 - Set `LIBCLANG_PATH` to where clang is installed: `%VCPKG_ROOT%\installed\x64-windows\bin`
```
